visibility on the road is critical for
the success of any driver today there
are millions of vehicles on the road
with yellow or hazed headlight lenses
the poor condition of these lenses
compromise the light intensity and
appearance of the vehicle the 3 M
headlight lens restoration system will
dramatically improve the clarity of
vehicle headlight lenses restoring the
clarity of these headlight lenses
increases the visibility for drivers
reduces glare for oncoming traffic and
improves the visual appearance of the
headlights the next few minutes of this
video will offer step-by-step
instructions for using the 3m headlight
lens restoration system to begin you'll
need two components included a 3mm light
lens restoration system household drill
that is rated at 1200 to 1600
revolutions per minute 3m Automotive
masking tape a spray bottle filled with
water and a 3m detail cloth for large or
extremely hazed lenses more than one kit
may be required be sure to wear proper
respiratory protection and safety
glasses
especially when sanding clean the lens
with soap and water then after drying
tape off the area around the lens with
the power disconnected mount the backup
pad onto the 1200 to 1600 rpm drill
follow the drill manufacturer
instructions to properly attach the
backup pads securely into the drill
attach and center the p500 grid gold
colored abrasive disc to the backup pad
using medium to light pressure begin
sanding to remove the yellowing and
surface defects from the lens a slow and
steady back-and-forth action will be
most effective when the disc is clogged
or no longer sanding effectively replace
it with a new P 500 grit disc so notes
about drilling do not use excessive
pressure down on the drill or the
headlight lens do not hold the drill in
one place while sanding this can cause
the lens surface to heat up and smear
becoming difficult to remove hold the
drill flat or at a very slight angle and
trol the drill by using a slow steady
speed across the legs wipe off the lens
and inspect it to ensure all the
yellowing and defects have been
completely removed if yellowing defects
or portions of the surface coating still
exist continue sanding with P 500 grit
discs until they are completely removed
the lens should have a white evenly
sanded surface that appears to look
frosted if any portion looks clear or
glossy continue sanding it before moving
to the next step remove the P 500 disc
attached and Center a P 800 grit
abrasive disc to the backup pad these
are the white sanding discs with purple
printing on the back begin sanding using
the same light to medium pressure as
before making several passes over the
entire lens to be sure that the P 500
grit scratches from the previous step
are reduced to P 800 scratches wipe the
lens noticing if the scratches are finer
if coarse scratches are still visible
continue sanding with the P 800 disc
until the score scratches are reduced
remove the P 800 disc and apply the
p3000 try zack foam disc this is the
thin foam disc that looks green or gray
in color dampen the lens in the p3000
tries act foam disc with the water
bottle and then using the same light to
medium pressure as before sand the
surface to reduce the P 800 scratches to
P 3000 grit scratches add a mist of
water of the surface becomes dry while
sanding a white residual or slurry will
build up on the lens indicating that you
are reducing the sand scratches continue
with four to six passes over the lens
after you see the white slurry if you're
not seeing the slurry make 10 to 12
passes on the lens extra sanding will
make the next step easier and improve
the final clarity of the headlight wipe
the lens noticing if the scratches are
finer and the lens appears clear if
coarse scratches are still visible mist
the area with water and continues
with the p3000 disk until the coarse
scratches are reduced it's now time to
polish the lens remove the p3000 foam
disc from the drill and attach the
orange foam compounding pad dispense a
dime-sized amount of 3m headlight lens
polish onto the compounding pad and
smear the Polish with the foam pad
around the lens before turning the drill
on to reduce splatter holding the drill
flat polish the lens until the cloudy
haze is gone and the clarity is
significantly improved if additional
clarity is needed or desired add another
dime-sized amount of 3m headlight lens
polish to the compounding pad and
continue buffing remove the masking tape
and wipe the lens clean with a three a
microfiber detail cloth wash any
residual spatter from the vehicle using
car wash soap and a clean soft cloth the
lens is now restored and with better
clarity and visual appearance providing
clearer light intensity a nicer looking
vehicle and additional safety when
you're out on the road